the eagle patrol of the air army has been awarded with one of the
pigeons awarded annually by the university school of tourism
for this reason this center invited a group of representatives of the training
to give a lecture on the origins of the patrol
and the characteristics of the work that they develop in the general academy of
air
that is based on that
Javier the presentation of the event was the responsibility of the director of the
school manuela lópez tenés
who explained the reasons for granting this award
anthony
also attended the talk the godmother of the current promotion of graduates and
graduates of the school the president of hostemur solitude díaz
his words gave way to the intervention of the chief commander of the
acrobatic patrol in spain bayardo abós that began the speech speaking
of the 25-year history of training and the components of the
same
The seven Spanish-made c101 piloting aircraft serve both
exhibitions as for the teaching of the students of the academy
in fact one of his missions besides bringing the army to civil society
explained 2
this example of professionalism discipline
and try to generate new vocations
it happened yesterday
gerardo society will not play
hararé diagnosis aggression
- Adrian clarity
the head of the patrol described the most characteristic maneuvers that
realize how the break is to control their predecessors
as well as the most remarkable achievements of his career
to enter the patrol the chief commander pointed out that it is necessary to comply
some minimum requirements but also
the pilots have to be in good physical and mental shape since the environment of
work and the particularities of the flights so decides
lugo
in that embassy
all right
the
he mentioned
Lima Jan
without them
In the question time the speaker revealed that they are
looking for a substitute for the current plane
and that do not close the doors to the incorporation of women in the
patrol
nice up we played a lot at the end of the day none
according to moreno minimum rules of flight lima digital apf
1 barroso announced that this season they will hold exhibitions in countries such as
france england by italy
In addition to the eagle patrol the Murcia casino has also been awarded prizes
that the autonomic television 7 region of murcia
the award ceremony will take place at the tourism gala on 12
March
virtual teaching was the subject of the talk he gave in the classroom
acts of attica michael cohl costa
executive director of the sa street foundation
pillar arnaiz vice chancellor of innovation and European convergence realized the
presentation of the lecturer who has been working in this area more than
20 years
in the talk entitled that character with initiate definition
corcóstegui made a general review of the history of that street project
open system of television content management and until
It was designed in the United States
with the objective of sharing knowledge and making work possible
set among universities
the university of murcia studies to implant in the long term a system that
they use in more than two hundred thousand people around the world
cork oscar said that the future will bring learning environments
customizable
and you can add applications from the web in two points 0
the commission of experts in environmental quality of sustainable development and
prevention of risks of crue
chose the University of Murcia on March 3 to celebrate a meeting
the opening ceremony to be held in the social center
started with the intervention of the institution manager but camps
who advanced that the main reason for the meeting would be the analysis of the real
decree on prevention of occupational risks in the university field
whose draft is studied at this time
Gálvez highlighted the activities of a preventive nature that are carried out
out at all organizational levels of the University of Murcia
including the student body
for what they are working in collaboration with the autonomous community
saa
He also stressed that the university is a benchmark in terms of
sustainability
something that was agreed by martínez-cachá deputy mayor of
environment and urban quality of the municipality of Murcia
In his turn, he praised the plan to save resources and energies
alternatives of the university and stressed that it actively participates
in initiatives of the city council as the mobility table
iniesta
the rector José Antonio Cobacho stressed the importance of training the
staff in risk prevention
would be the inauguration of the act to the president of the sectoral commission to
Cape Cross
ana maria angelini de ciurana
the rector of the university of chile anac insisted that both the
risks prevention
as sustainable development are two fundamental areas of responsibility
institutional
jobs
she
bush these
parties
efe
6 at the meeting attended by representatives of 30 universities that
met the executive committee and the plenary of the commission
and constituted
new work groups